In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Thanks for showing up!
So, check this out.
I've got the biggest scoop!
But FYI, it's seriously hush hush.
Top secret. Classified information.
-You know who Ladybug is?
-No. But it's almost as hot.
Marinette is...
Wait.
Do you think this is such a good idea?
I don't think it is. I know it is!
But remember, girls,
your lips are sealed. Got it?
Well, Marinette
is head over heels for somebody!
- Yeah. Adrien!
- [laughter]
-What? But how did you know?
-Well, it is pretty obvious!
So do you think...
I mean... Adrien knows too?
No way.
Boys never pick up on things like that.
Right. Let's get down to business.
Your mission,
is to arrange a ridiculously romantic date
- between Marinette and Adrien.
- Oh, that's so sweet!
- Great!
- Big time!
We know we can always count on you,
so you can count on us, too!
- Aw, thanks, girls!
- You're up, Marinette!
Alya and I have come up with a plan.
It's called "Operation Secret Garden"!
Excuse me, but why do we need a plan?
Can't Marinette just ask Adrien out?
[laughter]
Seriously? This is Marinette
we're talking about here!
Now, each of you
will have a code name based on a flower.
Alix you'll be "Violet",
Mylène, you'll be "Sunflower",
Juleka, you'll be "Rose",
and Rose will be "Tulip."
- Uh... Why isn't my name "Rose?"
- Because "Rose" is your real name!
It won't be a code name
if we call you "Rose!"
This afternoon, "Buttercup" has
a photo shoot at the Trocadéro fountains.
- Adrien!
- Ah!
His security guard, aka "The Nanny",
will be waiting for him in the car.
He's supposed to take Buttercup home,
except that's not gonna happen!
This is where you guys come in!
Step one, Rose will have a fake
no-parking sign. She'll go over to...
- Who's Rose again?
- Me, of course!
No, Rose, it's Juleka! You're Tulip!
Violet, Sunflower, Rose, Tulip!
- [sighs]
- So, step one...
Rose, you put the sign
next to The Nanny's chariot.
Step two. Sunflower,
you'll go and find a police officer
and say to him,
"Hello, Mr Police Officer!
That car's parked illegally!"
"You don't say!
I'll enforce the law this second!
Thank you, young lady!"
[blows whistle]
Oh! Grr!
Step three. No more Nanny!
Step four. Tigerlily will let us know
as soon as Buttercup's done.
Tigerlily.
But instead of meeting back up
with The Nanny, Adrien's going to find...
Lotus!
That's Marinette!
But when Buttercup
sees the chariot's gone,
he'll text his Nanny, won't he?
Impossible. Buttercup always leaves
his personal items in the car,
even his phone.
Such a professional!
She knows everything about Adrien.
Creepy, no?
Yeah! It's so romantic!
So, then...
"Hey, Marinette."
"What are you doing here?
What a incredible, crazy, coincidence!"
Now Tulip will give the signal
to the rickshaw driver
to come and park in the car spot.
Then all I need to do is say to Adrien...
Blblblblblblblb!
[laughter]
You're right. That's usually how it goes.
But this time, I'm really ready.
I've got you guys with me.
I'll do it, I promise!
- You'll be great.
- Yeah!
So I say to him, "Since your car's
not here, let's ride home together.
Look, there's a rickshaw, right here!"
"Awesome idea, Marinette. I've always
dreamed of going on a rickshaw with you!"
We take a really romantic ride
along the Seine
and over the Pont des Arts bridge,
where we run into André,
the sweethearts' ice-cream maker!
Then Violet skates by
and showers us with rose petals!
It's gonna be perfect.
It's... it's... so beautiful!
Any questions?
- Which flower am I, again?
- You're Rose.
- That's right, right?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Yes!
- Operation Secret Garden, here we come!
Come on, more happy! The smile like you're
smelling a delicious lunch in the kitchen!
Ah! No, no! We need...
A lollipop!
There!
Lollipop! Lollipop!
Now we have good taste! Mmm-hmm!
No, August! Lollipops are not for babies!
Your snack is a delicious bottle of milk!
Are all the flowers planted?
Rose planted!
Sunflower planted!
Tulip planted!
Perfect! Go, Rose!
- Uh... Me?
- No, the other Rose!
- Hmm...
- [chuckles]
Huh? [gasps]
- Um, you guys, I've got a problem.
- Rose?
- Yeah? What?
- It's stuck in the grate.
- Rose! Louder!
- Yeah? What?
[both] Oh! Shh!
Ugh!
Uh-oh!
- What's this fake sign made of?
- Metal, like road signs are made of. Why?
Couldn't you have made it
out of cardboard or something?
Go and get the police officer!
Caution! Buttercup's photo shoot
will be over soon!
Ah, seriously? Enough with the chitchat.
I know you!
You're in class with my daughter!
Hello, sir...
I just wanted to tell you something...
Huh? Tell me about it!
These pigeons are such a nuisance!
- Huh?
- Come on, Rose, do it now!
OK!
- Not you, Tulip! The other Rose!
- [gasps] No, wait!
Come on, Rose, you can do it!
- Illegally parked car!
- Hmm?
Yes!
Oh!
Thank you, young lady!
Great job, Rose!
No! Look at me! Give me your best smile!
Lollipop! Lollipop!
No, August, Mummy told you already.
You're too young for lollipops!
That poor lady.
She could really use a hand!
If you do that, Adrien will see you!
Oh, here we go, honey.
Sir! Move this vehicle right away.
This is a no-parking zone!
Grr!
Move it, move it, move it!
- Hey, watch it!
- He's right, be careful!
U-turn, please!
Mmm-hmm.
Bravo, girls! Step two, commence!
Eh?
Grr! Grr!
Seating! Perfect! Hold it right there!
Lotus! Uh... Marinette! Stay here!
Hello, ma'am! Hello, little baby!
Thank you so much!
All right, have a good day!
Look out! Buttercup's on the move!
Sorry!
- Here you go.
- Thank you!
You're welcome! Bye!
Red alert! The Nanny's back!
- Um...
- Yes?
Hey, you, Mister! Over there!
You've asked for it!
Here are fines for a parking violation,
non-compliance with orders
and for infuriating
a usually cheerful police officer!
A man who takes his work very seriously,
whose blood is boiled
by the slightest shortfall...
That's what I call
an easy target for my dear akumas.
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise him!
[wailing baby]
Lollipop!
You're being quite stubborn today, August!
What happened? His emotions just vanished!
Lollipop! Lollipop! Lollipop!
This wasn't what I had in mind.
But, why not, after all?
What could be
more emotionally powerful than a baby
throwing a giant temper tantrum?
Gigantitan, I am Hawk Moth.
Hawk-mo?
No... Not Haw-mo.
Just Hawk Moth. Well...
You're going to be... big and strong,
and you'll get to do... whatever you want!
But in return, you must bring me
Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
- Lollipop?
- Not lollipop! Miraculous. Mi-ra-cu-lous!
- My little baby!
- Lollipop!
Lollipop!
Kids these days, they grow up so fast.
Am I right?
- It's a baby!
- Whoa! Don't blink now! Come on!
Lollipop!
Ah!
- August!
- Stay out of danger, ma'am!
Ladybug and Cat Noir will be here soon
and save your little August!
Oh!
I was just about to take a cheese break!
Oh, don't be such a baby, Plagg!
Plagg, claws out!
Girls, where is Lotus?
Marinette, where is she?
Hey, look!
[screaming]
Well, you're the biggest
rug rat I've ever seen!
Kitty!
Let's go splish-splash, Megababy!
You can't catch me!
Let's get our feet nice and wet.
But we can't squish anyone, OK?
Lure him where there's nothing to destroy.
Nice move, Cat Noir!
Looks like
that romantic outing is on hold.
We'll be pausing
for an epic battle instead.
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Lolli...
Well, hey there, kitty-cat!
I see you're not much
of a natural with kids.
Are you kidding?
We were just playing a fun game of tag!
The akuma's probably in his bracelet.
Gigantitan,
watch out for the very naughty Ladybug!
Whoa! How about that?
You're not a natural with kids either!
Nice flying!
Ha, ha! For your information, I've never
babysat anything heavier than ten tons!
Kitty!
Yes!
Ah! No!
Change of plans. To calm a baby down
just put him in a playpen!
Where are we gonna find
a playpen his size?
The Eiffel Tower! We'll pen him up
in there with my yoyo,
sing him some lullabies...
We can read him a bedtime story,
make cooing noises... Coo! Coo!
Then, when he's getting sleepy, bam!
You'll destroy his bracelet!
Interesting idea, Milady.
But how are we going to get him there?
Don't you have a simpler plan?
If this is too complicated,
just copy what I do!
- Yoo-hoo!
- Over here, little guy!
Once we get him in his playpen,
I'll sing him a lullaby.
- We don't want to burst his eardrums!
- What? I have a great voice, you know!
I'll miaow you a serenade
one of these days.
Lollipop!
- Hey! Hey, over here!
- We're here!
Big baby!
We're losing him, Cat Noir!
Lollipop!
[crying]
[honking]
- Vroom!
- Gah!
Vroom, vroom!
I loved playing with cars
when I was a kid, too!
Look! He's going to his playpen
all by himself! Good job, Kitty!
No! Stop playing!
Attack the kittycat and Ladybug!
Vroom!
Oh, no!
Here we go!
[whistles]
Hurry! Use your cataclysm on his bracelet!
At your command, Milady!
Cataclysm!
Whoa!
[groans] Did she take
the rickshaw ride with Adrien or not?
[screams]
I hear your ice-cream's the best in Paris!
Uh... thank you, Cat Noir!
Turn around! Look at the mean Ladybug!
Grab her!
Lollipop!
Hey, silly baby!
This isn't a delicious lollipop!
- Ah!
- Supersize!
- Hold on tight, Ladybug!
- Thanks, girls!
Lollipop!
No! Don't let the ladybug get away!
Argh!
Quick! We don't have much time left!
OK. Enough with complicated plans!
Sometimes it's best to get to the point!
Lucky charm!
- Gift wrap?
- Great!
Now figure something out
so we can "wrap this up!"
Got it!
Girls, I can't do it any more. Run!
Lollipop!
[crying]
Who wants a nice tasty lollipop?
Lollipop!
You've heard of the Trojan horse?
Now meet the Parisian lollipop!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
- Kitty!
- OK,
you are a natural with babies, after all!
- August!
- Mama!
We gotta get going! Bye-bye, little guy!
Thank you, Cat Noir. Thank you, Ladybug.
Thank you!
Ladybug and Cat Noir! Gigantitan
may not have been big enough for the job,
but I promise my next villain
will be more than you can handle!
- Hey, guys!
- [laughter]
- Marinette!
- I was so worried about you!
I was worried too.
I looked all over for you guys!
- I'm so glad everything worked out OK!
- Except for your date with Adrien.
- Oh, yeah, where did he go?
- Oh! There he is!
- Maybe we can finish the job, after all.
- Awesome!
No. No more complicated plans!
Sometimes it's best
to just get straight to the point!
Adrien!
Marinette, what are you doing here?
- Is she going to do it?
- It's just like a romantic movie!
I came here to sketch!
I can't believe we've run into each other!
- Hey, would you like to... ?
- [honking]
Hang pout, I mean, hang about?
No... hag out?
[honking]
Oh, forget it!
Better not keep your guard waiting.
Uh... OK.
But we could take you home, if you wanted?
No, it's OK.
I'll take a cole slaw home, thanks!
OK... Enjoy your meal, then!
See you at school tomorrow!
Why did I say no? I'm so lame! I could
have ridden home with him, in his car!
At least you got a sentence out
without losing your cool!
- One sentence out of three. Not bad!
- You'll get there in the end!
- Sure will.
- Thanks, girls!
Don't tell me "Buttercup" left
the flowerbed with the Nanny.
Yup! But it's all good! Come on, BFF,
let's take a ride on the "cole slaw!"
- Please tell me I didn't say that!
- Yeah!
[laughing]